Update token-cache-serialization.md (#345)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/how-to/token-cache-serialization.md

## Quick summary

The recommendation is:
- When writing mobile apps, caching is already pre-configured by MSAL.
- When writing a desktop application, use the cross-platform token cache as explained in [desktop apps](token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=desktop).

> - When writing confidential client applications ([web apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-app-call-api-overview), [web APIs](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-api-call-api-overview), or [service-to-service or daemon apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-daemon-overview), use [Microsoft.Identity.Web](../microsoft-identity-web/index.md) as a higher-level API. It offers integration with ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET Classic, and works standalone as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When writing new confidential client applications ([web apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-app-call-api-overview), [web APIs](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-api-call-api-overview), or [service-to-service or daemon apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-daemon-overview), use [Microsoft.Identity.Web](../microsoft-identity-web/index.md) as a higher-level API. It offers integration with ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET Classic, and works standalone as well.
```

- Existing confidential client applications that leverage MSAL.NET directly can continue to do so. 

> - [Web apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-app-call-api-overview) and [web APIs](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-api-call-api-overview) should use a [distributed token cache](token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet#distributed-caches) (e.g., Redis, SQL Server, Azure Cosmos DB) in conjunction with a contrained memory cache. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-app-call-api-overview) and [web APIs](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-api-call-api-overview) should use a [distributed token cache](token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet#distributed-caches) (e.g., Redis, SQL Server, Azure Cosmos DB) in conjunction with a constrained memory cache. 
```

- Encryption at rest can be optionally configured using [ASP.NET Core Data Protection](/aspnet/core/security/data-protection/introduction).
- [Web apps](/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-web-app-call-api-overview) may also rely on session cookies; however, this option is not recommended due to cookie size.
- [Service-to-service and daemon apps](token-cache-serialization.md?tabs=aspnet#distributed-caches) may rely on memory caching only. If your app serves many tenants, configure an eviction policy.

> - Managed Identity tokens are cached in memory only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Managed identity tokens are cached in memory only.
```

> ### Cache size

Reviewer: Should this be added to the Size Approximations section below? The information is mostly the same.

When users log in, there will be a cache entry for each user, around 7KB in size. The size will be larger if you are calling several downstream APIs. For service-to-service authentication, there will be a cache entry for each tenant and downstream API, around 2KB in size. 

> ## [Confidential Clients using Microsoft.Identity.Web](#tab/aspnetcore)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Confidential clients using Microsoft.Identity.Web](#tab/aspnetcore)
```

```

For more information, see:
- [Distributed cache encryption and other advanced options](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/L1-Cache-in-Distributed-(L2)-Token-Cache)
- [Handle L2 cache eviction](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Handle-L2-cache-eviction)
- [Set up a Redis cache in Docker](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Set-up-a-Redis-cache-in-Docker)
- [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Token-Cache-Troubleshooting)

The usage of distributed cache is featured in the [ASP.NET Core web app tutorial](/aspnet/core/tutorials/first-mvc-app/) in the [phase 2-2 token cache](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/active-directory-aspnetcore-webapp-openidconnect-v2/tree/master/2-WebApp-graph-user/2-2-TokenCache).

## [Confidential Clients using MSAL](#tab/msal)

> .NET confidential clients are recommended to use [Microsoft.Identity.Web](../microsoft-identity-web/index.md), which is based on MSAL.NET, as higher level APIs are able to handle complex scenarios out of the box (guest users, conditional access evaluation, proof of posession tokens etc.). Apps needing to access Azure APIs are recommended to use [Azure SDK](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/), which also leverage MSAL internally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.NET confidential clients are recommended to use [Microsoft.Identity.Web](../microsoft-identity-web/index.md), which is based on MSAL.NET, as higher level APIs are able to handle complex scenarios out-of-the-box (e.g., guest users, Conditional Access Evaluation, Proof-of-Possession tokens). Applications that need to access Azure APIs should use [Azure SDK](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/), which leverages MSAL internally.
```

> Read on if you're using MSAL.NET directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following material is relevant if you're using MSAL.NET directly.
```

### Available caching technologies

> - memory cache without eviction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Memory cache without eviction
```

> - memory cache with eviction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Memory cache with eviction
```

> - combined distributed cache and memory cache

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Combined distributed and memory caches
```

<a id="no-token-cache-serialization"></a>
#### Memory Cache without eviction

> Use `.WithCacheOptions(CacheOptions.EnableSharedCacheOptions)` when building a Service to Service application - `AcquireTokenForClient` that does not target many (>100k) tenants.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `.WithCacheOptions(CacheOptions.EnableSharedCacheOptions)` when building a service-to-service application - `AcquireTokenForClient` that does not target many (more than 100,000) tenants.
```

```

For more information, see:
- [Distributed cache encryption and other advanced options](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/L1-Cache-in-Distributed-(L2)-Token-Cache)
- [Handle L2 cache eviction](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Handle-L2-cache-eviction)
- [Set up a Redis cache in Docker](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Set-up-a-Redis-cache-in-Docker)
- [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Token-Cache-Troubleshooting)

The usage of distributed cache is featured in the [ASP.NET Core web app tutorial](/aspnet/core/tutorials/first-mvc-app/) in the [phase 2-2 token cache](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/active-directory-aspnetcore-webapp-openidconnect-v2/tree/master/2-WebApp-graph-user/2-2-TokenCache).

> ## [Confidential Clients using MSAL](#tab/msal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Confidential clients using MSAL.NET](#tab/msal)
```

> .NET confidential clients are recommended to use [Microsoft.Identity.Web](../microsoft-identity-web/index.md), which is based on MSAL.NET, as higher level APIs are able to handle complex scenarios out-of-the-box (e.g., guest users, Conditional Access Evaluation, Proof-of-Possession tokens). Applications that need to access Azure APIs should use [Azure SDK](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/), which leverages MSAL internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET confidential clients are recommended to use [Microsoft.Identity.Web](../microsoft-identity-web/index.md), which is based on MSAL.NET, as higher level APIs are able to handle complex scenarios out-of-the-box (e.g., guest users, Continuous Access Evaluation, Proof-of-Possession tokens). Applications that need to access Azure APIs should use [Azure SDK](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/), which leverages MSAL internally.
```

The following material is relevant if you're using MSAL.NET directly.

### Available caching technologies

- Memory cache without eviction
- Memory cache with eviction
- Combined distributed and memory caches

<a id="no-token-cache-serialization"></a>

> #### Memory Cache without eviction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Memory cache without eviction
```

Use `.WithCacheOptions(CacheOptions.EnableSharedCacheOptions)` when building a service-to-service application - `AcquireTokenForClient` that does not target many (more than 100,000) tenants.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > There is no way to control the size of the cache with this option. If you are building a website, a web API, or a multi-tenant S2S app, then use the `In-memory token cache` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is no way to control the size of the cache with this option. If you are building a website, a web API, or a multi-tenant service-to-service app, then see the `Memory cache with eviction` section.
```

`WithCacheOptions(CacheOptions.EnableSharedCacheOptions)` makes the internal MSAL token cache shared between MSAL client application instances. Sharing a token cache is faster than using any token cache serialization, but the internal in-memory token cache doesn't have eviction policies. Existing tokens are refreshed in place, but fetching tokens for different users, tenants, and resources makes the cache grow accordingly. 

### Memory Cache with eviction

Reference the [Microsoft.Identity.Web.TokenCache](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Web.TokenCache) NuGet package to your project.

> The following code shows how to add an in-memory cache with eviction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code shows how to add an in-memory cache with eviction:
```

`WithCacheOptions(CacheOptions.EnableSharedCacheOptions)` makes the internal MSAL token cache shared between MSAL client application instances. Sharing a token cache is faster than using any token cache serialization, but the internal in-memory token cache doesn't have eviction policies. Existing tokens are refreshed in place, but fetching tokens for different users, tenants, and resources makes the cache grow accordingly. 

> ### Memory Cache with eviction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Memory cache with eviction
```

#### Plain-text fallback mode

> The cross-platform token cache allows you to store unencrypted tokens in an ACL restricted plain text file. This is useful in case the encryption at rest fails, which ocassionally does due to operating system environmnental reasons. You can use the plain-text fallback mode by using the following code pattern. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cross-platform token cache allows you to store unencrypted tokens in an ACL-restricted plain-text file. This is useful in cases where encryption at rest fails, which ocassionally happens due to environmnent-related reasons. You can use the plain-text fallback mode by using the following code pattern:
```

#### Plain-text fallback mode

> The cross-platform token cache allows you to store unencrypted tokens in an ACL-restricted plain-text file. This is useful in cases where encryption at rest fails, which ocassionally happens due to environmnent-related reasons. You can use the plain-text fallback mode by using the following code pattern:

Reviewer: Update this text above:

> In desktop applications, we recommend that you use the cross-platform token cache. MSAL.NET provides the cross-platform token cache in a separate library named [Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.MSAL](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-extensions-for-dotnet).

to this:
> In desktop applications, we recommend that you use the cross-platform token cache. MSAL.NET provides the cross-platform token cache in a separate library named [Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.MSAL](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal).

Also update the references to the archives cache extensions repo to main MSAL repo.

Reviewer 2: Added a separate issue for this: #363
